[light music]
[foreboding music]
[theme music]
[gunshot]
[theme music continues]
[suspenseful music]
-[bone cracks]
-[goon grunts]
[in Italian]
Stop right there.
-[glass shatters]
-[goon screams]
[loud thud]
Mr. Cassano.
[in English]
Did they hurt you?
Why didn't you go?
Don't worry about it right now.
Besides…
I forgot to feed Inzaghi.
[snorts]
[sighs]
-I would stand back if I were you.
-[clinks]
So you're the famous Vincenzo Cassano.
You got the memo.
[lighter clinks]
I'm gonna make you pay. Let's get to work.
Get me the hacker.
[goons grunt]
[suspenseful music]
[sighs]
So messy.
[goon 1] Shit!
[fighting grunts]
-[bone cracks]
-[groans]
[thwacks]
[grunting]
[groans]
-[goon 2 shrieks]
-[grunts]
[fighting grunts]
-[bones crack]
-[groaning]
[shatters]
[all grunting]
[thwacks]
-[thumping]
-[Cha-young and Mi-ri scream]
-Vincenzo! Stop it! Stop it!
-Mr. Cassano!
-[Cha-young and Mi-ri scream]
-[Mr. Tak in Italian] Stop!
[tenants] Stop! Stop! Stop!
-Stop! Stop!
Stop!
Who are these people?
[all clamor]
[clicking]
[upbeat music]
[fighting grunts]
CHUNGJU OWL GANG LIGHTNING SCISSORS
[all grunting]
[screams]
NATIONAL SPORTS FESTIVAL
GOLD MEDAL WRESTLER
[shrieks]
[pants]
NATIONAL SPORTS FESTIVAL
GOLD MEDAL WEIGHTLIFTER
-[panting]
-[groaning]
[Mr. Lee] Follow with your right.
FLYWEIGHT BOXING CHAMPION IN ASIA
-[grunting]
-[groaning]
[thumps]
LOADING MIDDLE SCHOOL BOXING CLUB
-[thumping]
-[groaning]
STREET FIGHTER TURNED DANCER
[Toto grunts]
[both shout]
SSIREUM CHAMPION
FROM CHUNGCHEONGBUK-DO
[grunts]
Front kick!
[screams]
[goon groaning]
PRESIDENT OF VINCENZO'S FAN CLUB,
"OH MY CONSIGLIERE"
[thumping]
-[thwacks]
-[groans]
GEUMGA-DONG SPIRAEA
[both grunting]
[biting, screaming]
[screams]
FORMER GEUMGA-DONG'S ANGEL IN WHITE
NOW, NUTRIA
[fighting grunts]
[Larry] Yeah! Whoo!
[all breathing heavily]
[tenants panting]
[goons groaning]
[tense music]
I have underestimated your resources.
Sorry. Who is this person?
He's candidate Park Seung-jun's
right-hand man.
Well, his candidate is going to lose
-at least his right-hand today.
-Funny.
Why don't we talk?
I have nothing to say to you.
But you don't mind
if I ask a few questions. Hmm?
You see, I'm curious mostly.
Tell me, was there really gold here?
-[thwacks]
-[grunts]
-How dare he talk such bullshit?
-[Yeon-jin giggles]
[Hui-su]
Was he talking politics when he was hit?
[Mr. Tak] I don't know.
-Did he say something?
-[all laugh]
-[Hui-su] She came out of nowhere.
-[Toto] That was fast.
[Hui-su] Oh, right.
-[Mr. Nam] Do not mess with Ms. Hong.
-[Larry] Yeah.
-[overlapping chatter]
-[laughter]
EPISODE 19
[Vincenzo] First of all,
is everyone all right?
Absolutely. Feeling better than ever.
I didn't know you could all fight
like that.
[Cha-young] You've been holding back.
[Toto] We didn't have a good reason
to fight.
And it usually wound up
biting us in the ass.
But now, it's legitimate.
It's our right to fight for what's ours.
We all have a legitimate reason.
-Because you brought us together.
-[Yeon-jin] Yes.
[Mr. Lee chuckles]
You turned our community into a family.
[Hui-su]
Okay, I want to say something fancy, too.
There are some storms
that come to disrupt your life,
but there are those that come
to clear your path.
-Hear, hear!
-[all cheer]
We did a school project on role models,
and I've put you down as one of mine.
-Oh.
-Good job.
-Excellent choice.
-[men laugh]
You taught me a valuable lesson
about using our power wisely.
I am grateful.
Merciful Buddha.
Hey, Nutria.
You should learn to punch instead of bite.
Nah, my mouth is my greatest asset.
I bite, chew, taste, enjoy.
That's four levels.
Disgusting.
Nutria, open this for me?
-[all laugh]
-[Mr. Park] Ah.
[Hui-su] You'll break your teeth.
-[Mr. An] Oh. Oh.
-Happy to oblige.
-[Mr. An] Hey!
-[Mr. Tak] Are you okay?
-[Mr. Nam] Is he bleeding?
-[Mr. Lee] Check it for teeth first.
-[Mr. Nam] I think I saw him chip one.
-[Mr. Park] You wish.
[Mr. Lee] Nutria!
[chuckles]
-Mmm.
-[Mr. An] Nutria.
Mr. Cho.
Thank you.
I felt something might be wrong
when you didn't answer my calls.
[Mr. Cho exhales]
-They ambushed me and took my phone.
-[Vincenzo] Oh.
I apologize.
You have to tell me.
How did you manage to move all the gold
without anyone noticing
what you were doing?
[mysterious music]
[soft chuckle]
-Mr. Cassano.
-Yes?
There is one question
that I'm hoping you'll answer for us.
I'll be happy to.
[gasps]
[mysterious music continues]
[slams]
What do you have…
buried beneath here?
During recent meditation,
a shock would travel through me
whenever I sat here.
[Chaesin] So I took a look.
[clanking]
[clatters]
[Jeokha grunts]
[Chaesin groans]
[both grunt]
[Chaesin] Wait a second.
My finger's stuck.
[grunts]
[pants]
-[Chaesin] And lift.
-[grunts]
[Jeokha grumbles]
[both groan]
-Whoa!
-[Chaesin] When we lifted the cover,
we saw something that looked like
the door to a vault.
[Jeokha]
I couldn't stop shouting during meditation
because of the electric shocks.
Seeing how the light was on,
there must have been current escaping.
Hmm.
Um…
[clears throat]
[Chaesin] This is…
the place where they buried…
[whispers]
the gold.
[playful music]
[huffs]
-Is it warm in here?
-[Chaesin] Mm.
The gold?
[quirky music]
[chuckles]
Yes.
[both gasp]
[monks exclaim]
[Jeokha chants]
[monks breathing heavily]
You kept this to yourselves.
Do you mind telling me why?
It's possible there would have been
a dispute over it.
So we waited for the owner to come get it.
[sighs]
Okay.
[chuckles]
Since you're in on it…
how would you feel if I ask for your help?
[playing piano]
[upbeat music]
[Chaesin] But how do you open the vault?
Looks like a complicated system.
It's time.
I need you, Ms. Seo.
Tomorrow…
-we are opening the secret room.
-[gasps]
[exhales]
Finally.
[gasps]
There's something I wanna say.
Yes.
You can't get in there without me,
you know.
[sighs]
You can trust me on this.
I'll pay you your fair share.
We're partners.
[sighs]
[Vincenzo] What's wrong?
[Vincenzo clears throat]
-[Mi-ri exclaims]
-Oh.
For you, I'll break in there
in record time.
-[Vincenzo] Oh. Great.
-[Mi-ri] Got that?
-Yes, I got it.
-Whoo!
Whoo. Yay.
-Okay!
-Okay.
-Tomorrow is the day.
-Let's go.
-Happy?
-Hah! Very.
-Ow.
-I can tell.
-That hurts!
-Sorry!
[upbeat music]
[lock beeps, opens]
[upbeat music continues]
[chimes]
[Mr. Nam] Oh, my god.
[screams excitedly]
[Mr. Nam] Oh, yeah!
It's right there.
[Mr. Nam screams excitedly]
-[ringing]
-♪ Congratulations! Congratulations! ♪
-We're almost there.
-Teamwork.
[Vincenzo] One, two…
-[grunts]
-Pull, Mr. Nam.
[all gasp]
[Cha-young giggles]
[traditional music]
[Vincenzo] Please move the gold
little by little each day.
NANYAK TEMPLE
[suspenseful music]
[suspenseful music continues]
You must have moved it nearby?
Ah…
I wouldn't want someone
to overhear us by accident,
so I'll just whisper it.
Yeah, yeah.
[whispering]
-[Vincenzo] Mm.
-[chuckles]
Then, the Guillotine file
is with the gold?
No.
The Guillotine file is in a place
that only I know about.
Hah.
He wouldn't even give me a hint.
-Me neither. But of course--
-Right.
[soft chuckle]
Mr. Cho.
When the time is right, I will tell you.
GEUMGA PLAZA
[Vincenzo exhales]
["I'm Always by Your Side"
by John Park playing]
You came back because of me, didn't you?
Your Italian family must need you more.
I took care of them.
How did you manage to take care of it
so quickly?
You didn't even leave the country.
Eighty million euros.
What?
I promised to pay them 80 million euros
for leaving my family alone.
Today, 80 million euros is worth…
[whispers]
just over 100 billion.
-[chuckles]
-[gasps]
[exhales]
And they officially agreed?
They did. I drew up a contract.
My contracts are legal over in Italy.
[huffs]
Well, I'll admit I'm kind of relieved.
I owe you one.
You know…
I'm really glad…
that nothing bad happened to you.
You were in your element.
Like at the party you had here.
Ah…
You looked pretty cool then too.
Booralro suit and all caught my attention.
♪ I think of you ♪
♪ 'Cause I worry too much ♪
-♪ All my fears amplify ♪
-[Cha-young chuckles]
I was happily surprised…
to run into someone who noticed my suit.
♪ When you call my name
I can see the light ♪
♪ Guiding me home
Like the stars in the night ♪
♪ I've already known ♪
[groans]
[grunts]
[grumbles]
[sighs]
A chocolate bar.
Assholes.
[groans]
[grunts]
Assholes.
Damn it!
[grunts]
[playful music]
-[sighs]
-[Cha-young clears throat]
[Vincenzo grunts, exhales]
Earlier, I wasn't able to do this
because Mr. Cho was here.
I'm so glad.
You came back to us.
You've been doing that for a while.
You know that expression about how absence
makes the heart grow fonder?
Well, Mr. Cassano's absence
left a hole in my heart.
Like it got blasted by an asteroid.
Ay, yay, yay. That's it. You can stop.
You can stop hugging me now.
The hole in your heart should be…
-[Vincenzo groans]
-[giggles]
-[Mr. Nam whimpers]
-[Vincenzo grunts]
We need you.
Park Seung-jun needs to pay
for what he did.
Mm-hm. Mm-hm.
[Mr. Nam] He does.
Our country deserves so much better
than that guy.
You scared me.
Guillotine file. Guillotine file.
Park Seung-jun likes a good bribe.
I know that.
Just how corrupt is he?
[suspenseful music]
CANDIDATE PARK SEUNG-JUN ACCUSED
OF BUYING LAND FOR SPECULATION
CANDIDATE PARK'S BROTHER-IN-LAW
COLLUDED AS THE HEAD OF IUDC
[woman 1]
Park Seung-jun bought land illegally?
[woman 2] He and his brother-in-law
had inside information.
[woman 3] The whole family is corrupt.
Our country is doomed.
CANDIDATE PARK PROFITED OFF
LAND SPECULATION
I don't understand
why you didn't get rid of him earlier.
You would have been able to avoid
all this trouble.
[scoffs]
At the risk of overstepping, Mr. Kim,
your behavior wasn't very smart.
Why is that?
Park Seung-jun doesn't know
you went after Mr. Cassano.
How I do things doesn't concern you, huh.
Vincenzo is the type of person
you better not underestimate.
He has enough evidence to bring us down,
and he's chosen to put it out there
as rumor.
He's toying with us.
I agree. He most likely plans to use
that evidence in court at the Tower trial.
He'll definitely use those videos.
And everything he has on your boss.
Aren't you worried? You appear
on those videos too, don't you?
At this rate, we'll all be arrested.
-Right.
-[Mr. Jung] Mr. Kim.
There might be a way to make sure
this trial never happens.
[tense music]
But Mr. Park…
would need to show his appreciation
for my troubles.
So Mr. Jung's promotion is effective
as of now, I assume.
Oh, he would prefer to settle this matter
and then--
Just do it already, Mr. Han.
He needs more authority.
[Mr. Han chuckles]
Of course.
Accept the promotion.
Yes, Mr. Kim.
[Mr. Han] Oh. Oh.
I'd like to be the first
to offer my congratulations.
[scoffs]
[tense music continues]
[inmate 1 scoffs]
-The man thinks he runs this place, too.
-[inmate 2] Hey.
Shh.
[inmate 1] Why they'd put your ass in here
when you act like that?
[ominous music]
Have I disrespected
or bothered you somehow?
Not one little bit.
Why are you pissed off then?
Because.
Okay.
People can just be cranky.
I know how it feels.
-[Joon-woo grunts]
-[inmate 1 shrieks]
-[Joon-woo grumbles]
-[inmate 1 yells]
-[thumping]
-[grunting]
[whistle blares]
-[both grunt]
-[guard 1] Knock it off!
-[thumping]
-[guard 2] Hey!
-[whistle blares]
-[inmate 1 groans]
[guard 1] I said knock it off!
-[Joon-woo growls]
-[screams]
[inmate 1] Son of a bitch!
-My ear!
-[guard 3] This guy's bleeding.
-He bit him.
-[yelps]
Louder now?
[chuckles]
[guard 1 grunts]
Do you hear me, asshole?
-Do you?
-[guard 1 groans]
-[Joon-woo] Dead! Do you hear me?
-[guard 1] Enough!
[roars]
Dead!
-[Cha-young] Mm.
-[paper rustles]
Ms. Hong.
Have one of these.
Hmm?
[Vincenzo] You seem a little distracted.
Mm.
I did need something
to wake me up a little.
It's boring reading contracts.
-[door bangs]
-[Mr. Nam breathes heavily]
[huffs in anger]
Oh, for Pete's sake!
What's going on?
Namdongbu District Court issued this.
You should read it.
"The court finds it highly likely
that the Babel Tower trial
would create an unfair advantage
for the opposition.
To use the considerable
media coverage generated,
to smear a fellow candidate
currently in strong contention
for Office of the President.
The Namdongbu District Court
has therefore come to the conclusion
that postponing the trial
until after the election
would ensure our ability
to protect our system."
[sighs]
Park Seung-jun, obviously,
has people on the inside.
[Mr. Nam] Unbelievable.
How many strings can they pull?
[huffs]
I mean,
I don't think they could stoop
any lower, right?
Oh, I think they could but since
that's how they like to do things,
we could do that too.
Do what though?
Namdongbu will keep blocking us.
Mm-mmm. Our secret weapon is too powerful.
[knocks on table]
The Guillotine?
[snaps]
THE JUDICIAL BRANCH
-[Cha-young sighs]
-[Vincenzo] Hmm.
-Set for the hearing, I think…
-Here on?
You see?
Namdongbu, that's the…
-[Mr. Nam] District Office?
-Uh-huh.
-[Vincenzo] That one.
-[beeps]
Holy cow.
[Cha-young bangs on table]
Damn it.
[sighs]
I'm reading a post that just came up
on the anonymous chat board.
It's all about Jung In-kuk
on how postponing the trial
was all his doing.
What's more annoying is he got promoted
for outstanding service.
[Mr. Nam scoffs]
He's really crossed the line.
Prosecutor Jung deserves a gift from us.
[clanks]
[lighter clinks]
[chuckles]
-You win.
-Oh.
[Vincenzo] Unfortunately, you were right.
Everyone here is in some form
of organized crime.
The courts, government,
politics, finance, the press.
[scoffs]
They all have their own Mafia.
Corruption's okay if you do a good job.
That's what a lot of people believe here.
Mm-hm.
Can you… be competent if you're crooked?
Not when it comes to putting
other's interest before your own.
You have to prioritize your own agenda.
Uh-huh.
It sounds familiar.
You'll make a good villain, you know.
[Cha-young chuckles]
If everything goes exactly
as you planned it,
you'll leave and not be able
to come back, right?
[tranquil music]
But if I have it my way,
then our friendship…
it will survive the passage of time.
Ms. Hong…
I'm not much for promises
unless I'm making them
for business purposes.
[sucks teeth]
But I give you my word.
I will find you.
[tranquil music continues]
[In-seo] "Further discussion
on the aforementioned trial was necessary,
and the court has reversed
its original decision.
The current presidential election
is unlikely to be the target
of false propaganda
resulting from the trial.
While Babel Tower's development
poses a high risk
of detriment to the plaintiffs,
Therefore, this serves as notice
that the trial will proceed
as originally scheduled."
I'm sorry, Ms. Choi.
[tense music]
[Ms. Choi] Mr. Jung.
They're going to have to retract
that promotion.
They threatened to use the Guillotine file
if I kept blocking--
And how in the hell
did you not see this coming?
You and Mr. Han have played these games
a lot more than I have.
-Why don't you handle it?
-Now you want out? Hey!
[groans]
[screams]
[heavy breathing]
[Mr. Han] It's so cold out here, isn't it?
[shivers]
-So cold.
-Going home, sir?
Who's asking?
I am Judge Heo.
[chuckles]
Your Honor! Hello!
[both laugh]
Hey, uh, Ung-jin, listen.
We need you to keep us in the game.
-Okay?
-Oh.
[Mr. Han] You're the sweeper.
You got that?
-[Judge Heo] "Sweeper"?
-[Mr. Han] Our last defender.
Please listen carefully.
I'm going to help you focus.
Oh! I almost punched you.
-[chuckles]
-So when the trial's underway,
you have to keep your eyes on the ball
and back us up so we don't lose.
-You got that?
-I'll watch the ball.
Have a safe drive, Chief Prosecutor.
-[both laugh]
-So formal.
-Stop it…
-Good night, then.
[Mr. Han] I'll see you.
-[Judge Heo] This one is yours, sir.
-Huh?
-They look alike.
-[both laugh]
-Good night.
-They're the same.
[both laugh]
Don't do that. Come on, we're equal.
Treat me like your friend.
Oh, I'm so tired.
I'm going to sleep now. Bye.
[Judge Heo snickers]
[Mr. Han] See you.
Nice shoes.
[Mr. Han] Bye.
[engine starts, revs]
Sweeper, my ass, you drunken idiot.
I'm not going to let you use me, Han.
I have my own worries, you jerk.
Get it!
Hmm.
[clicks tongue]
[groans]
Get me out of here.
[lock clicks]
[foreboding music]
[Judge Heo sighs]
[tense music]
-[tires screech]
-[gasps]
Hey.
Take me to my house. Let's go.
[tense music]
[gasps]
What… what are you doing here?
Mr. Ca… Casanova?
-[gasps]
-Get out.
Your Honor.
[car door opens]
Please, tell me why you brought me here.
-To listen.
-To what?
[Vincenzo] King Cambyses of Ancient Persia
made an example of a corrupt judge
named Sisamnes.
His punishment was getting skinned alive
for accepting a bribe.
That's barbaric.
-You know what he did next?
-No, I don't.
The corrupt judge's son
was appointed to the chair
left vacant by his father.
Except the chair was covered with leather
made from his father's hide.
[whimpers]
So the son would know how to stay honest
and preside fairly.
Why… why are you telling me this?
[cocks gun]
The point is…
you would have suffered exactly
the same fate as that crooked judge.
[whimpers]
You're presiding
over Jang Han-seok's upcoming trial.
[gulps]
Yes.
So here's what you'll do.
Follow my instructions and do
what you always do to get him out early.
It takes two months or so,
and a good reason,
so I don't know if I can.
You better find a reason to get him out.
Because if you don't…
it will hurt more than a wasp's sting
this time.
[gulps]
[Judge Heo whimpers]
Have a good night, sir.
DAY OF THE TRIAL
Justice is a bit like a spiderweb.
It often traps the defenseless.
Strong wasps rip their way out of danger,
while the weaker flies
get tangled and devoured.
But the flies of Geumga Plaza
have learned to fight.
Spiderwebs and vicious wasps
are no match for them now.
You'll see the results for yourselves
in that court room.
I think you'll enjoy it.
Especially what happens to the wasps.
Let's hear it for Geumga Plaza.
One, two, three.
-[all] Geumga!
-[laughter]
[tense music]
[indistinct chatter]
That's not what I'm looking for.
It should be right on top.
I told you a million times to be prepared!
-[Ms. Choi] I shouldn't be--
-[man 1] Chairman's here.
This way, sir.
[both chuckle]
Hi.
[whispers]
Sit, sit, all of you.
Respect the court.
Your suit's so…
fine.
All rise for the Honorable Judge Heo.
PLAINTIFF
DEFENDANT
[tense music]
[rock music]
[bailiff] Please be seated.
[ominous music]
[static noise on TV]
CHIEF PROSECUTOR HAN SEUNG-HYUK
[Judge Heo] We will now begin the trial
for case number 2021-30184,
Babel Group
versus the tenants of Geumga Plaza,
with regards to determining compensation
for damages
caused by Babel Group's
illegal activities.
We will begin by having the plaintiffs
call their first witness.
As the plaintiff's counsel,
I invite Ms. Hong to start us off.
If it pleases the court, Your Honor,
we call Vincenzo Cassano.
[plaintiffs cheer]
Hold on.
[Mr. Jang] Fix your hair.
Good luck.
[tense music]
WITNESS BOX
I swear…
-Most Honorable Judge.
-[Judge Heo] Yes?
I'm here to provide testimony…
Yes.
…regarding Babel's activities
and their repeated circumvention
of ethical practices in the law.
And I will…
show you video evidence to support it.
[Ms. Choi] I object, Your Honor.
Mr. Cassano's supposed evidence
has nothing to do with this case.
I won't know that
until I've watched the video, will I?
I will decide the relevance
after I've seen the evidence, Ms. Choi.
Have a seat.
[foreboding music]
Can you run the video?
-[man on TV] I've always wanted a money…
-A money toad?
[Mr. Lee] Definitely.
[Mr. Tak] They're holding gold money toad.
-[Mr. Lee] No way.
-[Yeon-jin] Come on.
[indistinct chatter on TV]
[spectators gasp]
Rewind it a bit.
[Mr. Tak] I cannot believe this.
They're all corrupt.
[overlapping chatter]
[Mr. Tak] This is terrible.
[crowd clamoring]
DEFENDANT
[clamoring on TV]
[clamoring on TV continues]
[Mr. Jang] Okay? Please. Please.
How did that blur get on there?
[clamoring]
[Ms. Choi] Our faces were blurred.
Why is that?
[clamoring on TV continues]
[ominous music]
[ominous music intensifies]
[Mr. Tak] This is terrible.
We should have a revolution.
[Judge Heo] Quiet down, please.
Quiet down!
[clicks]
Stay away.
Don't.
[grunts]
[in Italian]
Good to see you again, friend.
[groans]
[in English]
I warned you, didn't I?
That I'd come back for you.
That I'd be waiting once you've managed
to get everything you wanted.
[Mr. Jung chokes]
[groans]
[coughs]
[breathes heavily]
You said that?
[scoffs]
I guess I didn't hear you.
But you meddled with the trial
and got yourself promoted.
Congratulations.
Now you pay with your life,
I hope it was worth it.
[Mr. Jung pants]
Sure.
Murder a district prosecutor
in the court house.
It's not a bad place to die.
Now if you show me how humble it is
a prosecutor can be
in the next few days, I'll be generous.
And I'll let you live.
[Mr. Jung] You Mafia prick.
You can't play games
with a high-level prosecutor.
[scoffs]
[chokes]
[grunts]
Does it feel like a game?
What you're getting
is a chance of redemption.
[gasps]
[coughs]
[heavy breathing]
[grunts]
[breathing heavily]
[train signal ringing]
[Mr. Han]
I'm telling you, this doesn't feel right.
[groans]
Why are we the only people
whose faces are blurred?
We're dead.
That's the message he's sending.
We might be harder to kill in prison.
I know. I know we're in trouble.
Ms. Choi.
We're about to be murdered
and you act calm as a cucumber.
It's cool.
"Cucumbers stay cool."
That's how the saying goes.
Be serious. Help me come up with a way
for both of us to survive.
You should find your own way out of this,
Chief Prosecutor.
Huh?
This is where we part ways.
[Ms. Choi exhales]
[Ms. Choi] We've come full circle.
This place is where you recruited me.
We can still work together.
Hey. Come on.
At times like this,
we need to pull together.
-Close the ranks.
-Two-faced coward.
You befriended Jang Han-seo
to cover your own ass
and managed to land
your cushy prosecutor job
by playing that idiot Park Seung-jun.
I should rip your mouth out of your face.
That really hurts my feelings, Ms. Choi.
Wow.
Show some appreciation.
After all, I'm the one who helped you
climb the ladder
and to be able to afford
to turn your life around.
Just look at you. I mean…
[laughs]
Thank you, Mr. Han, you blithering snake.
Excuse me?
If you do something like get in the way
of Jang Han-seok or myself
in order to save your skin,
I will kill you myself. Understand?
[sighs]
It's been fun.
It was fun but now it's time to end it.
Go! Go! Go ahead, leave!
I'm the Chief Prosecutor.
I don't need your help, Myung-hee!
So don't come crawling back!
[TV reporter] The Babel Tower scandal
has come as a huge shock to the public.
The illegal activities and corruption
in the prosecution, the police,
the National Assembly, the media,
and local organizations
have appalled the general population.
Moreover, the constant assaults on
and attempted murder
of the tenants of Geumga Plaza
following the illegal appropriation
of the land
designated for Babel Tower
have stirred an angry outcry.
Babel Group's ownership of Geumga Plaza
will be nullified
due to corrupt and illegal activities
undertaken during the construction
approval process.
[all cheer]
[Mr. Nam] We did it!
[Mr. Lee] Yeah!
[Mr. An] Yeah!
Yeah!
[Hui-su] I'm so happy.
[all] Yeah!
[tenants cheer]
Yes. We're canceling all production
of RDU-90.
And the raw materials.
There's nothing to discuss,
just do what I ask.
[chuckles]
[Mr. Jang] You too.
I'm sorry, Mr. Han,
I have so much to get done today.
I know.
[exclaims]
Chairman…
[chuckles]
You act like a real chairman now,
you know.
And that makes me very proud.
That's what my grandmother
would have said.
Funny.
[both laugh]
So, what is it? You must want something.
Oh, right.
[inhales deeply]
The video they played yesterday,
I don't know if you happened to notice,
they blurred out our faces.
[chuckles]
He'll kill us.
Vincenzo is going to do what he promised.
You and I need to stand together
to protect ourselves…
The only person I'll stand with
is Mr. Cassano.
Pardon?
He's in a completely different league.
The man's a real pro.
I'll go with the Mafia guy.
But I'm the one who got you here.
You can't do that.
And besides,
if I hadn't introduced you to him,
you wouldn't even know each other.
-Mr. Han.
-Yes?
Wow, I'm so sorry. I…
-I completely forgot to thank you.
-You did?
Thank you so much.
-It's all right, it's all right.
-[both chuckle]
You're welcome.
[laughs]
It's nice to end things
on a friendly note.
I'm confused.
-[Mr. Jang chuckles]
-What's ending?
-Us. You're on your own from now on.
-[Mr. Han] Sir?
Sir?
-[line beeps]
-[Mr. Han] To?
Can you call Mr. Han's car?
He's in a bit of a hurry
to get out of here.
No, my day is free. Can't I stay with you?
[foreboding music]
[footsteps approaching]
[prison guard] 6723. Visitor.
[foreboding music]
[clanking]
[gate closes]
Well, are you here to gloat?
You got the win.
[sheepish chuckle]
If you only hear about it…
you don't really get to feel
the repercussions.
[suspenseful music]
I had to break into your place again.
[lighter clinking]
[suspenseful music rises]
[clinks]
[shatters]
[gunshots]
[crackling]
[suspenseful music continues]
I'll admit it was easier
than demolishing the real thing.
[Joon-woo exhales]
Your precious tower is destroyed.
You must know what's next.
[sighs deeply]
[speaking Italian]
-I am a hungry cat now.
-Fine.
Try to make a meal out of me.
I dare you. Eat me whole.
I'm a little busy.
It will have to be when you get out.
When they actually do release me,
Jang Han-seok the Chairman
is not who's walking out.
Really?
Who is?
The guy who's reconnected
with his inner child.
A monster with zero inhibitions.
Babel stifled all my creativity but now…
I'll show you something new.
Oh…
That'll be interesting.
You know why I went away to school?
The things I enjoy doing to my friends
when I was younger…
[Joon-woo] I like your watch.
It will look great in my walk-in closet.
Good luck with that.
Because I have a knack
for straightening out delinquent children.
[tense music]
[door opens]
[door closes]
Mr. Jung.
I have an important favor to ask you.
I…
[sighs]
…need to go to prison
for around three months very soon.
What?
Are you really that naive?
You know why I'm asking.
If Vincenzo…
Please.
Drum up some charge that will land me
in jail for the next three months.
However, if Mr. Cassano dies before then,
you get me out.
I don't think I'm comfortable with that.
You have to. I really need you.
If you do this, I will give you
privileged information
on Wusang's clients
including Jang Han-seok.
The Guillotine file will be nothing
compared to the dirt I will give you.
It will make you so powerful
that you will literally blast your way
up the ladder.
-Come on, say yes.
-Hah.
I need you.
[clinks]
[soft jazz music playing]
-This is pizza?
-[Mr. Jang] Mm-hm.
Korean-style.
Try it.
Are you…
really going to leave the country
when this is over?
Mm-hm.
[groans]
I don't want you to go. Hey.
Why don't you come work for Babel Group
as our advisor?
I'll make you director.
No, thank you.
Don't ever leave without telling me.
Sneaking off in the middle of the night
without saying goodbye or anything.
That's what the Mafia does in the movies.
Mafia families have been known
to have week-long going-away parties.
All right, you're going-away has to last
at least a week then.
Ah! You'll tell me
if you hear from Jang Han-seok.
I think we can't be too careful.
You never know with him.
He will be punished, won't he?
With all the evidence we're providing?
We still can't be sure.
Then he could get out in two months or so?
[Vincenzo] Listen.
It might be wiser to leave Korea.
Spend a few months abroad.
Okay?
[inhales deeply]
Once he gets out…
you'll be your brother's first target.
I have connections who can hide you.
[inhales sharply]
No, thank you.
When this started…
I knew my life
would eventually be at risk.
Besides, I gave you my word.
Your word is still good in the future.
It'll be easier to keep it if you're safe.
Mm…
I choose to fight.
He has to get through 20 bodyguards first
anyway. I'm not worried.
[breathing deeply]
I do have one huge advantage.
Team Cassano.
I can count on you
to beat up the bad guys, huh,
and keep me safe.
You're so…
[chuckles]
…so damn cool, you know.
Watch out, that's soy sauce.
Don't drink it.
Oh, yuck.
You should have told me sooner. Oh.
[foreboding music]
[Ms. Choi]
What should I do to get Mr. Jang out?
What should I do?
[foreboding music continues]
[light music]
Mr. Cassano,
once Jang Han-seok is released,
we'll follow the rest of the plan, right?
[inhales sharply]
Ms. Hong.
Jang Han-seok
will get the ultimate punishment.
But you're not obligated to be involved
in his death.
So far, we've been vigilantes,
but this next step will…
It will make monsters of us.
I'd rather protect you from that.
It's hard to come back from.
[exhales]
If I'm being honest, I had a hard time.
We've done some incredibly cruel things.
Things I never imagined.
But do you know what convinced me
to work outside the law with you?
Jang Han-seok will always rise
above the law
and escape punishment for his behavior.
So there are no other options.
I went along with your ways
because I thought it was right.
I chose the lesser of the two evils.
[phone buzzes]
NAM JU-SUNG
EVERYONE IN THE VIDEO WE PROVIDED
WAS RELEASED
[Cha-young scoffs]
I don't believe this.
What now?
He released them all.
Mr. Nam just got wind of it.
Jung In-kuk let everyone from the video
at Jang Han-seok's place go.
I thought I got my message across.
Obviously not.
[chuckles]
You've made every mistake imaginable,
and you have the nerve to ask for this?
What I'm offering takes care
of two things at once.
Mr. Cassano and the Guillotine file.
Forget it.
We'd rather handle those ourselves.
That could, uh, hurt your campaign.
Taking on Vincenzo was a very bad idea.
Mr. Park's election will take another hit
if your attempt to get rid of him fails.
No one can survive all those rumors.
[exhales]
For the sake of you and your candidate…
what I'm offering is the safest option.
How exactly is this going to work,
Ms. Choi?
[suspenseful music]
Get Jang Han-seok out.
This doesn't work with him in prison.
Forget it. You know even I don't have
that kind of pull right now.
Jang Han-seok is staying behind bars
for a while.
Mr. Kim.
[indistinct chatter]
-Let me see that.
-[woman] Yes, Ms. Choi.
[indistinct chatter]
[Ms. Choi] I fabricated evidence
that I've incited, threatened,
and pressured Babel for my own benefit
since my days working as a prosecutor.
No judge or prosecutor
will be able to dismiss my claim.
With the evidence I'm providing,
it will look like Jang Han-seok
was nothing more than my puppet.
[ominous music]
You're telling me,
you're absolutely sure of this.
Yes.
I'll admit to everything.
I'll take the fall and go to prison.
If we want the Babel Tower scandal
to be taken care of,
then make sure you release him.
He'll get rid of Vincenzo.
[all laugh]
[man 1] So, Mr. Jung…
We are here tonight
to toast your promotion!
-[all cheer]
-[man 1] Yeah, hey! Way to go!
[all] Speech! Speech!
We are the prosecutors of this country.
[man 1] Mm-hm.
Do not compromise your principles or lose,
especially to those rich assholes.
If they ever challenge you,
you stomp on them.
-[all] Yeah.
-You got that?
[all] Yes!
Raise your glasses.
-[man 2] Yeah, go.
-[man 3] Yeah.
Don't mess with Namdongbu or else…
[all] Or else!
Go, Namdongbu!
-[woman] Congratulations!
-[man 1] Cheers!
[man 2] Let's hear it for Mr. Jung!
-[man 3] Yeah, Mr. Jung!
-[man 4] Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah!
[distant siren blaring]
[laughs]
[distant car horns honking]
[exhales]
[foreboding music]
No.
Vincenzo.
-[all laughing]
-Hey!
[grunts]
[chokes]
[suspenseful music]
[gasps]
[heavy breathing]
You can't do this.
I went out of my way to be generous
but you refused.
I don't work with the Mafia!
You're nothing but a… a scumbag criminal.
I might be a criminal
but I'm aware of right and wrong.
You don't seem to be.
I haven't broken the law.
I live for it.
I haven't done anything wrong.
I disagree.
I gave my word I would be generous,
so I'll bring your suffering to an end.
[in Italian]
That which has no life has no sin.
[man] Yeah, I like this place.
[indistinct chatter]
-[glass shatters]
-[car alarm blares]
-Hey. I think that's a body.
-Huh?
[man] Right there.
[car alarm blaring]
[classical music]
[classical music continues]
[Vincenzo] That's one promise kept.
Now I go after the others.
One by one.
For me…
and for Ms. Hong.
It's irrefutable, sir.
What I fabricated is ironclad.
You didn't have to push it that far.
[Ms. Choi] It's all right.
I'll pay the price and plead guilty
on all charges
which should clear the slate.
Once you get out,
you should take a little time to recover.
Then come have me released.
[Joon-woo sighs]
When you get out,
Babel Group gets a makeover.
VP Choi.
I'd be honored.
I do have some unpleasant news to report
regarding your brother.
Vincenzo has a hold on Han-seo,
that much is obvious.
[scoffs]
He would flaunt it.
[Joon-woo sighs]
You heard Jung In-kuk
threw himself off a building.
[Joon-woo] Yes.
In the middle of his celebration dinner.
That's pretty rude.
Vincenzo is…
attacking on all fronts now.
I'll go along, Ms. Choi, on one condition.
You get me out…
immediately and quietly.
I'm ready to roll.
Alone.
[upbeat music]
One, two, two, two, two.
One, two, three, four.
One, two, whoo!
[sighs]
Right.
That's good.
[Ms. Choi sighs]
One, two, whoo.
[investigator] Ms. Choi.
Namdongbu Prosecutor's Office.
We have a warrant for your arrest.
For instigating and abetting tax evasion
and murder.
[Ms. Choi] Give me two minutes.
[pants]
This is my favorite part.
You don't have to read me my rights.
Whoo!
In the middle of her Zumba workout?
Yes. And the charges are huge.
They had all kinds of information.
I'm positive it had to come from Wusang.
Yoon, I'm sure it was Mr. Yoon.
She must've made his life
a miserable hell.
The idea of family
is foreign to that woman.
That's why they turned on her.
[Ms. Choi singing "Lascia Ch'io Pianga"]
♪ Let me weep ♪
♪ For my cruel fate ♪
♪ And let me sigh ♪
♪ For my liberty ♪
[door clanking]
[ominous music]
SEOUL NAMDONGBU DETENTION CENTER
[rain pattering]
[keyboard clacks]
[sighs]
[quirky music]
[keyboard clacks]
[quirky music continues]
[clacking]
Are you going out?
A law school get-together. Why?
Oh. I thought you were getting ready
to take me out to dinner.
[Cha-young]
Ouch. You read that totally wrong.
Why are you even going?
You said you can't stand those people.
I force myself to attend these things
so they can't badmouth me
when I'm not looking.
Ah. Wanna meet after?
Maybe another time.
Go home. It's a bit faster. Through there.
I know. I have somewhere to go first.
Another wine shop?
Have fun. Remember to eat.
-What time does it end?
-No idea.
-Are you drinking?
-A lot.
-Need a ride home?
-No, thanks.
Is this one of those girls' nights?
Nope. The guys will be there too.
[sighs]
[phone beeps, rings]
Ah, hello.
Yes, he is merciful.
Have you eaten?
Your monthly fast.
I completely forgot about that. I'm sorry.
Some other time.
[exhales]
[groans]
[tense music]
[tense music continues]
[phone buzzes]
Hey, Mi-gyeong.
In the garage.
Yes. Are Hye-won and Hye-ju there?
Mm-hm. I should be there in a sec. Mm.
[tires screech]
[muffled scream]
[paper rustles]
[knocks on door]
Mr. Kim, I thought you went home already.
Hello?
[ominous music]
Are you surprised to see me, Han-seo?
It sure looks like it.
What's the point of hiring bodyguards?
They all took off when I offered cash.
CEO JANG HAN-SEO
[clangs]
You're nothing but a useless traitor.
I didn't betray you.
I'm just trying to run the company
properly, okay?
[sighs]
[gasps]
I took your gun.
I couldn't get one on such short notice.
Right.
I understand.
I really can't let you go on living,
brother.
You understand that?
[ominous music]
Yes.
I expected you to do the same to me
as you did to Dad.
I guess that's just my fate.
[scoffs]
[cocks]
[beeps]
HONG CHA-YOUNG
[automated message] The person you have
dialed is unavailable right now.
Please leave a message.
[sighs]
-[phone beeps]
-[scoffs]
[glass clinks]
[exhales]
[sighs]
-[wine sloshes]
-[bottle thuds]
[exhales, chuckles]
[ominous music]
[knock on door]
[knocking continues]
[gun cocks]
[door opens]
[ominous music]
[foreboding music]
[foreboding music continues]
[suspenseful music]
[suspenseful music continues]
[whispers]
Jang Han-seo.
[breathing heavily]
Han-seo.
Are you okay?
[door opens]
[footsteps approaching]
[tense music]
[breathes heavily]
[exhales]
You stooped even lower
than I could have imagined.
[sighs]
I never thought a villain
as cheap and tacky.
Doesn't make a difference
how we go about it.
All villains do wrong, Ms. Hong.
You're beyond evil, Han-seok.
There's no humanity left in there.
You know I'm madly in love with you,
right?
That's a human emotion.
You don't kidnap the people you love.
This is a serious crime not love,
you crazy asshole.
Sorry, sweet pea.
But my principles always come before love.
"Principles?"
Murdering every person you don't like?
[Cha-young scoffs]
That's not principle. That's bullshit.
You know what…
that you were ever born at all
is a crime against nature, Han-seok.
Ouch.
[Joon-woo sighs]
That really hurts my feelings.
I shouldn't have come into the world.
Doesn't that hurt, brother?
[Cha-young breathing heavily]
Be done with it.
Kill me now so you can keep Vincenzo
out of it.
Come on, Cha-young.
I kidnapped you to get him over here.
[Cha-young] Hey!
Don't you dare make that phone call!
-Kill me already!
-[phone beeps]
[Cha-young pants]
[engine revs]
[phone rings]
INCOMING CALL, JANG HAN-SEOK
ACCEPT
What have you done with her?
Shouldn't you ask me how I am first?
I just got out of jail.
I couldn't care less.
Tell me where Ms. Hong is?
She's here at my house.
Alive and well.
[Joon-woo] Please excuse my methods.
I heard from my fellow inmates
that abducting loved one works wonders.
And you need your enemy
to kneel before you.
If anything happens to her, I'll kill you.
Hurry it up
or something will happen to her.
[phone beeps]
[tense music]
[engine revs]
[tires screech]
[tense music continues]
-[Joon-woo] Stay back.
-[gun cocks]
[pants]
[panting]
Surprised she's in one piece?
Got ya.
[exhales]
It was pig's blood.
I learned from the best.
You have no morals, do you?
Your own brother…
and the woman
you were hopelessly in love with.
[Vincenzo scoffs]
A rat who's about to be devoured by a cat
has no rules.
Do you really believe you'll make it
if you kill all of us tonight?
Oh.
More Mafia coming to hunt me down.
Exactly.
No matter what, you're dead.
And no matter what,
I'm gonna see your dead body before I go.
[suspenseful music]
[Joon-woo sighs]
[clanks]
Grab it, Han-seo.
-Grab it now!
-[gunshot]
[whimpers]
[breathes shakily]
[Joon-woo] Chairman Jang.
You grab that stick and kill him with it,
and I'll let you live.
What?
Bash his head
and not only will I spare you,
but I'll let you have Babel
all to yourself.
This is totally sick!
[Mr. Jang] Huh?
[Cha-young] You are completely insane!
[thumps]
[Joon-woo] Don't move.
[chuckles]
[groans]
Cha-young, shut your mouth.
If you don't keep quiet, I will kill you.
Just pull the trigger.
So I don't have to listen
to your crap anymore.
[sighs]
[cocks]
[whimpers]
[suspenseful music]
Do as he says.
If I do what you asked…
will you let me live
and will you forgive me?
Of course.
Brothers forever.
[shaky breath]
[Mr. Jang breathing heavily]
I'm sorry…
Mr. Cassano.
It's okay.
He's not giving you much of a choice.
[shaky breath]
Right.
At least I'll make a decision
I could live with.
[tense music]
[suspenseful music]
[thumps]
[gunshot]
[groans]
[both grunting]
You need to stop this!
[gun fires]
[foreboding music]
[dramatic music]
[dramatic music rises]
[Vincenzo grunts]
[Cha-young breathes heavily]
[dramatic music]
[gasps]
[heavy breathing]
[dramatic music rises]
[theme music]